I went back and paid for them. All that matters is 
that Steven is happy. Pay attention to these petals, 
Steven. The petals' dance seems improvised, but it 
is being calculated in real time based on the 
physical properties of this planet. With hard work 
and dedication, you can master the magical 
properties of your gem and perform your own dance! 
Some of us are trying to protect humanity! Don't 
touch those, their shards are deadly! Oh, Amethyst, 
there you are. Care to explain what one of my swords 
was doing in your room? Oh, please, you took it! 
These shards have a powerful partial consciousness 
that has been harnessed by gems throughout history 
in order to create semi-sentient drone soldiers with 
the capacity to follow basic orders. Gems once 
created an army of these drones, but found their 
obedience waned as the shards overdeveloped inside 
their uniforms and turned on their commanders. You 
see, any shard inside any sort of container could 
become a monster! Weren't people scared of it before 
it attacked them? Put your clothes on, Steven. This 
just goes to show that you should always listen to 
me, and never listen to Amethyst. Let's set up a 
playdate! I'll write up an invitation and work out a 
schedule. Oh! We'll have to find out her favorite 
kind of tea. I misunderstood the point of this ride. 
Steven, what have I told you about touching magical 
artifacts?! We want to stop all wrestling 
everywhere! Are you going to let us destroy all 
wrestling? Eheheh. Humans find such fascinating ways 
to waste their time. Is water just hydrogen and 
oxygen "mashed together"? Well, that's perfect, 
because I don't want to go with grammatically 
incorrect people anyway. GAH! You will remove that 
this instant! You have to feel like yourself! Sweet 
and considerate, and only occasionally obnoxious! I 
can't leave you guys alone for a second. Oh, walk it 
off! With pleasure. There are... different ways of 
being strong. Just today you were crying about 
snakes. AMETHYST, NO ROUGHHOUSING! YOU'LL EXACERBATE 
YOUR CRACK!! Oh, how do I put this? All Gems aren't 
necessarily... good. I went back and paid for 
them. All that matters is that Steven is 
happy. Pay attention to these petals, Steven. The 
petals' dance seems improvised, but it is being 
calculated in real time based on the physical 
properties of this planet. With hard work and 
dedication, you can master the magical properties of 
your gem and perform your own dance! Some of us are 
trying to protect humanity! Don't touch those, their 
shards are deadly! Oh, Amethyst, there you are. Care 
to explain what one of my swords was doing in your 
room? Amethyst: Having a "sword party." Oh, please, 
you took it! These shards have a powerful partial 
consciousness that has been harnessed by gems 
throughout history in order to create semi-sentient 
drone soldiers with the capacity to follow basic 
orders. Gems once created an army of these drones, 
but found their obedience waned as the shards 
overdeveloped inside their uniforms and turned on 
their commanders. You see, any shard inside any sort 
of container could become a monster! "Frybo" Mr. 
Fryman: You were great, Frybo. The kids today just 
didn't understand. Now, they never will. Weren't 
people scared of it before it attacked them? Steven: 
Pearl, I think our work here is done. Put your 
clothes on, Steven. This just goes to show that you 
should always listen to me, and never listen to 
Amethyst. Amethyst: That's fair. Let's set up a 
playdate! I'll write up an invitation and work out a 
schedule. Oh! We'll have to find out her favorite 
kind of tea. I misunderstood the point of this ride. 
Steven, what have I told you about touching magical 
artifacts?! "Serious Steven" We want to stop all 
wrestling everywhere! Are you going to let us 
destroy all wrestling? Eheheh. Humans find such 
fascinating ways to waste their time. Is water just 
hydrogen and oxygen "mashed together"? Amethyst: 
Well, I'm going with not Pearl. Well, that's 
perfect, because I don't want to go with 
grammatically incorrect people anyway. GAH! You will 
remove that this instant! You have to feel like 
yourself! Sweet and considerate, and only 
occasionally obnoxious! I can't leave you guys alone 
for a second. Amethyst: *innocently* Pearl, I got a 
boo-boo. Oh, walk it off! Nanefua Pizza: Hit 
Amethyst into the air as hard as you can! With 
pleasure. There are... different ways of being 
strong. Steven: I guess I'm just too tough to cry. 
Just today you were crying about snakes. Steven: 
They don't have any arms! AMETHYST, NO ROUGHHOUSING! 
YOU'LL EXACERBATE YOUR CRACK!! "An Indirect Kiss" 
Oh, how do I put this? All Gems aren't 
necessarily... good. Amethyst: All those monsters we 
fight used to be just like us! Right, Pearl? Yes. 
But they've become corrupted and broken. We have to 
take care of them, subdue them, contain them. It's 
the best we can do for them, for now. If we don't, 
then... Ugh... I hate fighting me! 'UUU Space 
Travel?' What is this? I hear what you're saying, 
and I agree - it would be incredibly dangerous; a 
fool's errand. This chair is disgusting. But aren't 
the true fools the ones who don't seize an 
opportunity, despite all the inherent risks? And I'd 
be able to show Steven the wonders of the cosmos! 
And maybe just for a second, from a distance, I 
could see what's been going on without me. All 
right! Lets do it! This will be perfectly fine, just 
a pop over to the nearest star system. I'll give him 
back in 50 years. I'm so sorry... I almost got us 
killed! Humans just lead short, boring, 
insignificant lives, so they make up stories to feel 
like they're a part of something bigger. They want 
to blame all the world's problems on some single 
enemy they can fight, instead of a complex network 
of interrelated forces beyond anyone's control. Why 
does it have to be dinner? We get all the energy we 
need from our gems, and while our human constructs 
are capable of eating, I find it very uncomfortable. 
Let go of my spear, you little twerps. I'll destroy 
you! I like to watch you sleep sometimes. And by 
sometimes, I mean often. Oh, Steven, you're supposed 
to sneeze into your antecubital fossa. I hope you 
can forgive me. You're the one good thing that came 
out of this mess, I always thought you were proud of 
that.
Stop... coming... here... you... STUPID... BALLS!
No! Rose didn't have a lion!
Everything I ever did, I did for her. And now she's gone. But I'm still here.
I can't believe my flipping eyes!
That could have gone... a lot worse.
You always say you'll be the crocodile, but you never commit!
I don't understand your human relationships. So, um... goodbye!
WE'LL NEVER ESCAPE, THIS IS OUR NEW HOME!
I'M NOT OVERREACTING!
That's not my baby!
Have the shirts come to life and possessed the bodies of their wearers?!
Are the shirts destroying the wearer's will to continue on in this mortal coil, thereby shutting down Beach City?!
Do you understand that cartoon show?
WHY WON'T YOU JUST LET ME DO THIS FOR YOU, ROSE!?
Rose made me feel... like I was everything.
Her fingers were too fast for us!
Listen, Mr. Universe. Rose may find you charming, but that's only because you're human. You're a novelty, at best.
I think he's her favorite too.
I don't get tired; I get results.
No! No, no, no, no! We just needed a reason to fuse! I just wanted to share a few more victories with you!
I am a gem of many talents. A dedication to fact is just one of them.
Oh, what's 200 years between friends?
Look! I was right! My plan worked perfectly.
That's it, I'm taking her out!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!!
Okay, I realize that was a bit of a fiasco.
It's Peridot.
Ha! She's desperate.
Excellent question, Steven!
Peridot is running out of options!
Ah yes! The task at hand! No more dawdling, let's go catch Peridot!
Please! Tell me! How can I make you forgive me!?
But it's true. No matter how hard I try to be strong like you... I'm just a Pearl... I'm useless on my own... I need someone to tell me what to do... When we fuse, I can feel what it's like to be you..! Confident and secure and complete... You're perfect... You're the perfect relationship... You're always together... I just—I wanted to be a part of that...
Well, yes. What other option do we have? Keep her outside on a leash? Ha ha... Hmm...
Ugh... sorry, Steven, it's a lovely drawing but it won't look like this.
NOBODY!
Now listen here, you tiny twerp! In case you've forgotten, you're on our turf now! And I didn't fight a thousand-year war for this planet's independence to take orders from the likes of you!
Mine's taller. I win.
That's right! I am a pearl!
What you're saying may be true, but it doesn't matter! I'm still gonna kick your butt!
You're holding it upside down.
They're called wheels.
Peridot, if you can get the magnetron out of that microwave, we'll have everything we need... except for the drill head.
We leave for one second and everything goes off the rails!
It's fine, it's fine, we'll build it bigger, stronger, we'll add SEATBELTS!
That's right, you can feel horrible all you want back at the Temple.
Amethyst, really, this is no time to be fooling around.
Be careful, Steven. Watch each other's backs.
How on Earth did you bubble that whole thing?!
Oh, honestly, you call everyone a clod.
I would've liked a hug.
This is what did it? Burgers?
I don't know. Past experiences have taught me that three is a crowd.
She always did what she wanted.
t's alright Steven. Remember, she's not cracked, she's corrupted, and that's something different, something nearly impossible to describe.
Oh, Steven, it's very complicated. And you won't have much use for it.
Well, Connie, your sword fighting skills have far exceeded my expectations. And, with my careful supervision, of course, I'm confident that you can handle a simple Gem recovery mission like this.
Connie, you are my pupil, so I know your combat skills are excellent. But I'm afraid this is too risky. You've never been in a real fight before.
And who's your favorite gem?
Why, thank you!
Hello?! Anyone there?! I'm just going to keep talking until somebody answers.
Steven? Connie? Is this because of the "Favorite Gem" thing? Heh, that was just a joke! ...don't tell Garnet.
That's my line.
I'm glad you asked! Pearl points are awarded for punctuality, perseverance, and positivity. We may be smaller, weaker, and less gifted than our opponents but with these P's, we have the keys to success aaaand to the Pearl prize pouch!
I've modified them to accommodate less...lethal training.
What did you two do?! You've ruined the ruins!
It's not always easy to understand Rose's choices... but we have to stand behind them.
I know. How embarrassing for her.
Of all the indignities! Do what you want! I'll never talk!
Alright, let's meet this mysterious stranger.
Here's a convenient marking of all the places where you should absolutely, under no circumstances, visit if you'd like to keep your short life.
Yes, that's essentially what I just said. Anyway, glad we cleared that up. Fare thee well.
I know it sounds tame. But it has 612 pieces. And no corners!
Oh, yes. But I can make it look even gooder. It's cool, because the collar isn't supposed to go that way.
I'll have one, too, Steven. I think I'll try drinkin' tonight.
There's a lot you don't know about me, Steven.
Nostalgic for the suburbs? Psh, they've only existed for, what, 70 years?
Uhh... I just didn't realize humans could come with pink hair.
Amethyst, seat belt.
New Pearl. No plan.
I was going to drink a juice and wear these -- ugh -- pants! And hit people gently enough as to not actually hurt them, and you'd say, "Wow, Pearl is really cool!" But nooo, instead, we drove to loud music, chased a mysterious woman into the night, and broke the law. Ugh, I've lost my edge. I should have stayed home with the puzzle.
"Now"? I've been a criminal for 6,000 years.
I asked her about her hair, and then she asked how I colored mine. I told her, "My appearance is just a conscious manifestation of light." and she said, "I know how that is." although, heh, I highly doubt it. Oh! And then I added, "By the way, I saved your planet, and your species, and you're welcome."
Hmm. Let's turn it down to about 2000 degrees, for now.
So Andy, we heard you like marriage, so we thought, why don't we all marry each other?! And if that's not human enough for you, we can throw a little being born, and dying!
Saving the Earth from Homeworld is its own reward.
Yes! Was everyone thanked? Raise your hand if you were thanked!
Obviously, it's the best gift for a being that can't yet communicate.
Rose? Rose, it's me, it's Pearl. Are you in there? Glow twice for yes. Baby, please. I'm trying to talk to Rose.
Everyone calm down. Look. We can all see her. She's right there! She just can't reform because... she has this... baby around her. Rose, I know you're in there. I can let you out. We'll be... together... again. I can't. I can't! She wanted this so much. I just... don't... understand... why! Everything should grow, and everything should change, and isn't it so great how it comes so naturally to humans? Well, it's not natural for us! It's not natural for me.
Blue Diamond!? O-o-on Earth!? Amethyst, turn into a chair. I-I need to sit down.
Oh no. It was very serious. When I still served... Homeworld, I saw it myself. A private menagerie deep in space. Humans in captivity. We were never able to rescue them. We had no way to get to them after the war. But, that was over 5,000 years ago.
Well, at our current speed, we should be reaching the human zoo in approximately seventy human years! Just in time for Greg's 110th anniversary of being alive.
Oh, I'm sure she was exaggerating. It probably just alters the definition for speed by manipulating space-time, but what effect would that have on organic matter? It might flatten Steven's body into a pancake of skin and bones.
Our bodies are made of light, and usually, they form a mass dependent on the air pressure and the level of gravity in the environment, but we're in a situation where the normal laws of physics don't apply.
I think in your attempt to fix our bodies, you may have accidentally shut off the calibration altogether. Our light-composed forms couldn't keep up with the ship moving faster than the speed of light.
The human zoo. I can't believe it still exists.
Amethyst guards. Right, like we could just waltz up as an ownerless Pearl, a fusion and, and you.
You're really gonna tell the Diamonds that you allowed a band of traitorous rebels to infiltrate a highly secure facility, and escape right under your careful watch? Doesn't seem like a wise thing to do, Holly Blue. So do yourself a favor, and keep your mouth shut. That will be all.
Amethyst! Steven! Look, we're building a tiny house. For crabs.
Oh, they like it!
Honestly, I can't even draw a circle.
This is hopeless. We'll never get that drop ship fly and we're losing time. Who knows what they're going to do to Steven. 'Hi Steven.' What are we going to do-
Oh, yes. This is the perfect time for a vacation. I mean, how often are we on the same planet together?
It isn't the pain. It's the surprise.
So, Homeworld... I always hoped you'd see it some day, but I thought I'd be there with you. Being taken there as a prisoner, I suppose it was something of a traumatic experience. It's just, Steven, I'm sure you have a lot of questions you'd like answers to, like about the Diamonds, for instance. There are things that are impossible for me to explain. But I want to.
There are certain things I can't tell you, but I can tell you I need my phone. Please. I can bring you back out once you find what you're looking for.
No, it's Rose. What was she thinking? She can't have a baby.
What am I going to do when she disappears? I'm going to lose her!
We're the only ones left. Homeworld. They were all leaving. We thought we'd won. There was a bright light and everyone was- why did I do it?
You know this is crazy, right? Your status, my purpose. None of it will matter anymore. This will change everything.
I wanted to tell you for so long.
